The goal of my project was to make a train ride simulator that would use 
webscraping to obtain information on a train route and then conitnuously
generate scenery suitable for the route.

My design uses a main function that calls a modules for generating various 
scenery, webscraping, and drawing the train compartment. Each physcial 
landscape features is a subclass that inherits from the class "land". Within 
each class are functions to generate the points that will be drawn for each 
geographical feature. The class "land" contains the functions to shift the 
scenery across the window, process certain user inputs, calculate color change 
due to atmospheric perspective, calculate color changes due to changing time 
of day, and select foliage color based on month of the year. The color of the 
sky as the sun rises and sets is calculated using quartic functions for each 
component of rgb in terms of the time, and the color also affects the color of 
all other features of the landscape. Trees are drawn using the code for 
"Tree4" from Hermit's git repository (https://github.com/LingDong-/Hermit), 
modified slightly to draw leaves based on the season.

To obtain information on the physical geography of an area along the route, I 
use two methods of webscraping. One function takes the html form of the 
wikipedia page for a certain location and looks for keywords. The other method 
uses Google Places API, and searches for keywords within points of interest 
around certain points with the filter "natural feature". To obtain travel 
information, such as travel times, travel route, and whether or not a route by 
train is even possible between two points I use Google Directions API, and a 
recurive function that I wrote to help process and filter the information 
returned by the API.

I tried to keep my user interface simple and relatively appealing 
aesthetically. I wanted it to not interfere with the visuals of the program 
overall while also providing some clarity on how the program is to be used. 
The only similar program I was able to find online was a train simulator game 
that focussed on driving a train. The graphics were terrible, and there were 
very little instructions, so I sought to address that in my program. 